docs: add guide for using Web Workers (#3795)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/basic/web-worker.mdx

# Use Web Worker

This chapter introduces how to configure and use [Web Worker](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Using_web_workers) in Rsbuild project.

import WebWorker from '@en/shared/webWorker.mdx';

<WebWorker />

## Use Web Worker

> [Web Worker](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Using_web_workers) is first-class citizen of Rspack, which means you don't need any loader to use Web Workers directly in Rspack / Rsbuild project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Web Worker](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Using_web_workers) is first-class citizen of Rspack, which means you don't need any loader to use web workers directly in Rspack or Rsbuild projects.
```
